Support array for all string ingest processors (#53343)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ingest/processors/url-decode.asciidoc

[[urldecode-processor]]
=== URL Decode Processor

> URL-decodes a string. If the field value is an array, all members will be decoded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
URL-decodes a string. If the field is an array of strings, all members of the array will be decoded.
```
